Welcome back let's install the Servilius framework so we can start playing around with Amazon Lamda
and incorporate that feature of the batch system into our smart brain.
The first thing we need to do is run NPM install Server less with the dash G command.
Now G is for global and we've used the before.
This gives us access to server less throughout our entire computer globally.
So you might have to add sudo in front of this command to make sure that you have access to a global
package.
Make sure you get your password right.
And server less is going to install for us.
And like I said server this is going to take care of all the configuration on a yes for us all we have
to worry about is our own code and a little bit of YAML configuration that won't be too bad.
So let me clear this and test out our command.
Let's run the server less.
All right.
And it gives us a nice output of all the commands we can have.
And it's actually quite nice.
We see that we could run deploy we could run create we can run logs all these different things to monitor
our service application.
For example if we're interested in the command server less create we can also do dash dash help and
get more details about that command.
And let me make this a little bit bigger.
We see that.
OK.
It's creates a new service service and it tells us what kind of options we can have the spacing right
now is a little bit off because I made this the size of the text a little bit big but it looks fairly
nice and easy.
We see that with the commands we can do yes no gas act must script AWOS Python and have different templates
to work with.
All right let's clear this up by the way there's a shorthand version that you can use which is s.a less
so you don't have to type server less over and over which kind of gets exhausting after a while.
Now what we want to do here is simply write a Salles create and give it a template.
Or you can do Dashti as well.
And we'll say that our template that we're going to use is going to be called AWOS and this I got from
the help function that I just ran called node.
Yes I'm going to be running no js so I can code in javascript.
I'm going to press enter.
And look at that.
We get a nice little output and we've successfully generated boilerplate template.
You can see that on my desktop I now have a good ignore file handler.
Yes.
And a server less YAML file.
So let's open this up.
I'm going to you know what I'm going to put this inside of a folder just so it's a little bit cleaner.
I'm going to make directory we'll call this rankly
and we have this little folder here that we can just move all our files into.
That's a lot better was just seeding into our little rankly app and open up sublime text and see what
we can do here.
All right.
That's a lot better.
Now in here we have our good ignore file which is pretty standard.
We have a handler dodgy us which if we actually take a look is the exact same function or similar to
what we had on the dashboard.
The Hello function which takes an event a context and a callback and we see that and here our callback
simply says callback and we give a response of status 200 and a Jason that says Go serve less.
And with the input event.
So this is where we're going to be writing our event or our function and then finally we have the YAML
file and they have really really good documentation here.
And these are the configurations that you can have on a yes and we'll go into that a little bit.
But we see that so far we have highlighted that we're using A.W. s no known as the provider is going
to be AWOS and we're using the run time six point ten which looks like we wanted the earlier version
of or the later version of Romley because on the dashboard we selected 8.10.
So we might need to update that everything else.
We see those there's also functions that is the hello and the handler for it is handler.
Hello again handler.
Dodgy Yes.
Has the hello we're going to go a little bit more into detail in the next video.
I'll see that one by.